§3hey. you see those guys?

§2what? eltra, dixie and mil?

§3yeah. but quiet down, they've finished their adventure. they're reading this right now.

§2doesn't matter, they think we're part of the game.

§3i liked these visitors. they played well. they didn't give up. they persevered through their broken world of their own making.

§2when did this all start? do you remember?

§3yes, of course. with my infinte knowledge, i distinctly remember where they started.

§2when, pray tell?

§3the two, eltra and dixie. they began way back. 2013, 2014. in garry's mod storm chasing. it all seemed so simple back then, did it not? they hopped in the game, made cars, chased fictional tornadoes, and life was fun.

§2but what about the other one?

§3mil. the unlikely friend of the group. she met with them in 2019, in a game of synergy. they were close to leaving her, you know? in one of the loneliest times of her life, she needed them more than anything.

§2tell me more. why was it unlikely? what lead them here?

§3well, let me get to that. mil was very socially inept, awkward, annoying... it's honestly a miracle they even made it past 2019-2020. but they did. now, imagine if they didn't. would dixie and eltra even be here? or would they have separated? or been somewhere else?

§2was it a rocky path?

§3yes. their friendship was quite rocky, dirty and is still surrounded by stories of pettiness and aggression. but they persevered. and look at them now. together, at the end of times.

§2...but so many fond memories.

§3it's true. many fond memories of elaborate creations, video series, playthroughs, jokes; funny and unfunny, and reuniting. but with all reunions, there are dissolutions. 

§2it's truly fascinating to think, if they had not played synergy that day, or refused to accept mil with open arms, or decided to make one of their splits permanent, none of this would have happened.

§3the butterfly effect. fascinating, really.

§2fascinating...

§3yes...

§2...but what will happen now? their adventure is over. against all odds, they finished their adventure. what will they do? what will happen to us?

§3calm yourself. they always come back to this game one day or another. and truly, this was a special return to the game. slaying the mighty katelyn manning for the first time, in survival, with no cheated items.

§2you're right. they always come back...

§3...but we're nearly reaching the end of this return now. i feel the end coming.

§2yes. i can already feel they're tired of this incessant rumination.

§3no one likes to dwell on the past, and particularly this group does not.

§2i would like to tell them a story.

§3but not the truth.

§2no. they cannot know the truth yet.

§3give them a form.

§2yes. players...

§3use their names.

§2eltra, dixie and mil...

§3good.

§2do you feel that familiar sensation again? the sounds of compressed winds, zombies shouting in hunger, herobrine skeletons mumbling incomprehensibly, and incomprehensible sounds from the depths? good.

§3who are we? we are ancients. we have seen much.

§2but, we are also characters. characters of your own creation. we have been through every problem you've been, every tribulation, every trial. and now, let's put it all into perspective.

§2Once upon a time, there were two players.

§3they were you, eltra and dixie.

§2sometimes they played.

§2sometimes they invented.

§3sometimes they dreamed.

§2but most of all, they had mindless fun.

§3yes, those times were simpler indeed. no need to worry, just sit at the computer and play your favorite games with your friends.

§2now, let's jump forward.

§2another player assembles before them, mil.

§2mil, this player, is aimless. young, clueless, hurt, alone.

§2but despite her scars, she was new. unique. a completely new feeling for them.

§3you, mil, are the proof of the butterfly effect.

§2and despite the massive changes having her brought along, they persevered. past mountains, past the lowest of lows.

§2let's jump even farther ahead. now, mil, having made such a massive impact and possessing a kind soul, she-

§3silence. the rest of their future will be revealed in time. this is about them, as a construct.

§2stories of discord rps, gmod servers, survival worlds, nowheres; somewheres... cats, dogs, games...

§2a rich history. rich, but still bittersweet.

§3yes. a history of perseverance. a history of determination. creativity.

§2a history that no one, including the both of us, could begin to fully understand. the history that truly makes the group alive.

§3you. you. you are alive.

§2and sometimes they believed it was over

§3and sometimes they believed there was nothing more they could do

§2and sometimes they believed they had betrayed eachother

§3but they said I love you

§2but they said you have played the game well

§3but they said everything you need is within you

§2but they said said you are stronger than you know

§3but they said said you are the daylight

§2but they said said you are the night

§3but they said said you are not alone

§3and now the game is over, and they woke up. this is the end of the path. the final destination.

§3you have persevered.

§2wake up.
